fix(curriculum): delineate span elements in typography (#55348)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-typography-by-building-a-nutrition-label/615f7e7281626a92bbd62da8.md

---
id: 615f7e7281626a92bbd62da8
title: Step 55
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-55
---

# --description--

> Below your last `p` element, create another `p` element with the text `Sodium 160mg 7%`. Wrap the text `Sodium` in a `span` element with a `class` attribute set to `bold`. Wrap the `7%` text in another `span` element with the `class` set to `bold`.
> 
> Also add an additional `span` element around `Sodium 160mg` for alignment.
> As you did in the previous step, this will nest a `span` element within a `span` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below your last `p` element, create another `p` element with the text `Sodium 160mg 7%`. Put `sodium` and `7%` each in their own `span` with a class of a `bold` like you did with the others.

Then, add an additional `span` element around `Sodium 160mg` for alignment again.
```
